welcome to the man recaps this is Wonder
Woman and fortunately for everyone
involved I do not own a Wonder Woman
onesie the movie starts with Diana
Prince the beautiful museum curator
person she gets a special delivery from
Bruce Wayne that is the old photo of her
be found in Batman V Superman where she
was fighting as Wonder Woman in World
War one this prompts her flashback
origin story here we go on the beautiful
mythical island of whatever the Amazons
live and they are awesome hot warrior
women their back story is that Zeus you
know and the Greek gods created man to
be good but Ares the God of War was
jealous so he made men like fight each
other and stuff and airy starts a big
god Civil War and long story short Zeus
beats him but can't kill him so he makes
the Amazons on their secret island and
gives them the weapon the god killer
sword in case Ares ever comes back
so Princess Diana grows up to be the
hottest Amazon ever and also the best
fighter but one day a plane flies into
their secret island and she rescues the
pilot and reenacts the Little Mermaid
and oh hey turns out it's Captain Kirk
but see Germans are hunting him down
they break through the force field - and
the Amazons come to fight them off but
Germans have guns you know so doesn't go
very well they do manage to have right
out on horseback and wrap them for now
so they hook up Chris Pine to the lasso
of truth and he explains that he's an
American spy undercover with the Germans
they've got this evil chemist lady who's
created a new type of gas weapon that
can break through gas masks so he steals
her notes and flies on out of there
Diana's like oh I bet this is Ares the
God of War come back she wants to go try
to kill Ares and end the war but her
mom's like yeah we don't mess with the
world of men anymore they're not worth
saving but she goes and finds a sexy
jacuzzi time with Chris Pine and she
sees his dick and she's like you know
what men are definitely worth saving she
steals the sword and they sail off on a
boat they make it to jolly old England
and he gives the chemist notebook the
high command and they're like well this
gas would be terrible but luckily were
signing an armistice the war's over soon
Chris Pines like don't you believe that
they made this gas so they can use it on
people but English gentleman's like you
know our word is fine we'll get out of
here so they have to go but he's like
hey we're gonna sneak over there to
enemy lines and try to take out their
gas Factory ourselves so they go down to
the local pub to recruit their team and
English gentleman shows up he's like hey
I secretly approve of this mission so go
do it now German High Command is meeting
and the one evil general is like you let
me use the gas but the rest of them are
like knowledge Evo's OVA so he has this
chemists throw the gas in the room with
them take them all out ha ha ha ha so
they make it down to the front and
Wonder Woman's like hey no trenches for
me I'm just gonna bust on out of here I
don't know if she's actually bulletproof
but she deflects things with their
little wrist band ease she's also got a
super shield and her backstory here is
kind of a lot like Captain America
anyway she kicked some major butt with
her magic lasso and she saved this
random French town that's where she took
the picture that Batman Center at the
beginning and that night she dances with
Chris Pine and then they get it on the
next day they go to the castle Chris
Pine goes back undercover he has a
surprisingly good German accent and he
flirts with the chemist lady to find out
where the stuff is the Dianna finds a
disguise of her own and she's just gonna
sword this commander because she thinks
it's Ares but Chris Pine stops her he's
like you can't just sword people in the
middle of the party but then they're too
late cuz boom they've launched off the
weapons on that French village they
saved all the deadly gas kill them all
so sad so they go to the air base where
they're loading more of the gas on this
big plane and Wonder Woman is super
pissed she's gonna kill Ares now but he
does some super cocaine and it makes him
super strong and he can fight toe-to-toe
with Wonder Woman but she's better she
kicks his butt and then stabs him boom
Ares dead world saved but they're still
loading up the gas she's like why didn't
the war end immediately Chris Pines like
you know there's probably no such thing
as Ares men are just you know kind of
bad sometimes we started this war on our
own so he goes to stop the gas plane but
she finds the English gentleman oh snap
he's the real Ares but when she goes to
stab him all the sword breaks what the
god killer sword didn't work he's like
that's right Diana you're the god killer
that's right Zeus knocked up her mom
that's the sword he left on their Island
but anyway he's like look I'm not a bad
guy like men are evil they've ruined
this planet I just want to help them
kill each other and then we can return
it to Paradise and she's like oh but you
know men can be good too I won't do it
so boom explosion they're gonna fight he
puts on his much cooler god of war
outfit and they have a super God fight
but in the end he wraps her up because
the power of his mustache is just too
strong now Chris Pine managed to hijack
the gas plane and he's gonna blow it all
up in the atmosphere so it doesn't hurt
anyone kind of the opposite of Captain
America anyway boom he sacrifices
himself that makes one room it's super
pissed and she breaks out goes full god
mode Ares is like here have some
lightning bolt action but boom deflected
with her wrist bracelets and she's able
to like keep the lightning because she's
oozes daughter and like boom blast him
with it explodes through the chest
anyway the day is saved and back in the
present she writes an email to Bruce
Wayne being like yeah I'll join the
Justice League and then she jumps off
the roof apparently going nowhere and
that's
Wonder Woman it comes to an end
[Music]